♪ Lalala, can you say it? ♪
♪ Can you say it? ♪
*Japanese Pokerap version*
Mmm?
Hello everyone! Virtual Pokemon Trainer Kizuna Ai here!
Instead of "Can you say that Pokemon?"
"Can you draw that Pokemon?"
Here we go!
"Porygon"... what's a Porygon? A plastic bag?
Ah...
Kind of like a tightened plastic bag...
It's tied up...
Since it's used as a trash bag...
It’s like he’s saying “shobobo”...
Here's the trash...
[Trubbish?]
But it has to be able to put trash in...
So his mouth is open...
*Ai-chan Porygon noises*
"Zubat"!
It's that... "Yeah! Super...
(Song: Yeah! Meccha Holiday by Matsuura Aya)
Holiday"
"Giddy hopes...
For the Summer..."
"Yeah! Zubat (with a bang)"
*laughs*
So stupid...
Zubat...
I think his mouth was wide open...
[Draws "Golbat" instead]
Something like this...
This... I finished! Zubat!
"Vaporeon"! Vaporeon... this is Eevee's...
Evolution, right?
I don't really know, so then...
Something... like this...
And like this...
Like Vaporeon!
(Japanese name: Showers)
Like, "We are showers!"
Next up is...
"Jolteon"!
I wonder what Jolteon is...
It feels like...
Lightning, right? Thunder...
Lightning and...
Eyes...
"Thunder!"
"Thunder!" Something like this... Jolteon...
(Japanese name: Thunders)
Okay, I'm finished! Jolteon is cute...
"Pikachu"! Ready, go!
*Fast Forwarded*
Pika, pika! Pikachu! Did you know? Pikachu's favourite food is Ketchup!
Tutututu… like this?
I feel like he’s too small...
Something like this? Oh, that's cute! Here, I'm finished!
That's cute...
Next up is... "Dragonite"! Ready, go!
Dragonite... Dragonite is something like this...
Like this, maybe?
Dragonite's tail is like this...
No?
Okay! Dragonite is finished!
"Slowbro"!
What was Slowbro like again?
I think...
He was like a frog, Slowbro...
What is Slowbro like?
*laughs*
I think he gave the sensation that he was always sleepy...
"Pidgeotto"! Pidgeotto is that you know, a bird
I think it had this appearance...
*strange Ai sounds*
And the mouth was something like…
Something…? Something like that?
*laughs*
What is this thing supposed to be?
*more strange sounds*
Something like that?
Pidgeotto!
*laughs*
It’s too simple, the drawing is really bad
The next one is, "Psyduck"!
Is Psyduck like that?
I think his eyes are like two dots
Psyduck?
I think Psyduck had a belly like this, it was like this, something like this?
Very good
*laughs* Like this, I guess
"Rattata"!
I think Rattata had scary eyes… extremely cautious too...
Like this? I think he had buckteeth...
Something like this?
Something...
Rattata... *laughs*
Next one is "Rapidash"!
Didn’t it look like a unicorn?
Something like this?
Like a unicorn...
A unicorn, with fire! Or something like that
Fire!
Something like that...
Here's Rapidash!
Tentacool! Ah, Tentacool is something like...
Sort of like this… A round fellow
The round things go here, I think
It looks an "Ohmu"
(From Nausicaä of the Valley of the Wind)
Something like that
Like that?
Done!
"Seel"! Ah, well, Seel...
I sort of know it! Seel is sort of… like a chubby person
Seel is...
Like this
Here's Seel!
"Cubone"!
Cubone?
Ah, is Cubone like that?
A bone, I get it, I’ll draw a bone, he’s like biting a bone
Bones are his staple food
Like this, I guess?
How cute!
Like this?
"Exeggcute"!
Ah, I know this one!
It has three kinds of eggs
And they seem to be mad
If it evolves...
It will become Funassyi…
(Funassyi is Funabashi Chiba’s pet)
They’re mad
They’re mad, like they’re saying: "Why did you choose us?"
Good, done!
"Marowak"!
Marowak...
Marowak is a snake?
(The Japanese name "Garagara" is also the sound of rattling)
Marowak, it will be sad because of its name
He’s sad...
Poor thing
I feel sorry for it, so I'm going to give it a heart similar to the one I have...
Hoi!
Bulbasaur!
Ah! What did it look like?!
For the moment, I think it had something like a bulb, right?
And under the bulb, it has its body
Something like that
That’s good, it had the form of a dog
It was something like this?
Something like this?
Like this, I guess?
I think I’m not that wrong
Ekans!
"Ekans" was a snake, right?
Ekans is slim, something slim, right?
And when he evolves, he turns into Arbok
Shuboon! He is very angry too
Like that
Like: "Don't mess with me! (Angry)"
Woah!
"Eevee"
"Eevee"...
I can sort of remember her, but...
How was Eevee? I think he was like kind of cute even though it was simple
*laughs* It’s sort of cute... sort of...
I think Eevee was something like that
Yes! It’s done!
It sort of looks like Pikachu
"Weepinbell"
Weepinbell is...
A bell suffering from depression?
(It's a pun)
He had a leaf on his back...
It’s a kind of plant that looks great
This guy is also angry
Isn't his chin too long?
Ehm… Hehe
A bell suffering from depression
"Electabuzz"
Ah, I know Electabuzz!
Electabuzz is sort of...
Like this…
Like this, for the moment...
Eh? Sort of…
It look like a dubious clown
Like this? Something like that?
How scary! Good, this is Electabuzz
Wasn't it like this? Sort of?
[Mr. Mime?]
Was I wrong?
"Snorlax"
Snorlax, I see...
I know Snorlax
Snorlax is sort of…
Sort of like this
Like this?
Like this...
"A bed for everyone"
Like this, it’s good
I want a Snorlax bed, alright?
"Kabuto"!
Kabuto… Kabuto is...
I'm certain it's a combination of a "Helmet +  Rhinoceros beetle"
(Double pun)
I think, like this?
Kabuto! Here too...
*laughs*
*inhales*
What is this supposed to be?
I've combined the two and it looks like a UFO
"Rhydon"
Rhydon?!
Rhydon
*woosh, whoosh*
Rhydon?!
Something like that? Oh, that looks cool
*laughs*
Rhydon
Rhydon is like this, right?
It's Rhydon, thump?!
(Another amazing pun)
"Dewgong"
Dewgong...
Eh? I don’t think I can draw Dewgong’s face, Dewgong seems similar to Seel
Sho shon, sho shon, ah, that looks good, right? Good!
Like this?
*laughs* So awful...
"Diglett"
I might know Diglett!
It sort of looks like a sausage
Diglett is… like this?
You can see three of them
[Confusing it with Dugtrio]
Is it something like that?
Good!
They're done!
"Dodrio"
Isn’t this guy evolved from Doduo?
Mmm… it feels like this… the head should be fluffy
Eh?
Like this? Ehe...
Here, there are three heads...
Ah, it doesn’t look good...
"Gengar"!
Gengar? Gengar is...
Well...
Sort of like this?
Like this...
He looks like he’s grinning
Like this
I'm Gengar!
Waaaaa...
*laughs*
Is it like this, you think?
"Koffing"! I know him
He's like a kind of bubble, right?
Sort of...
Sort of.. like this?
He's wearing a dubious facial expression, “Aaaah?”
Aaahn?
Like this?
Don't you think it looks nice?
I know "Jynx"!
Like this, right? Like this...
She is something like this, these are her eyes and this is her hair
Yes, it's done!
This is the one that’s closest to the original, right?
I can draw "Meowth"!
Meowth…!
Meowth has a gold coin… has ears...
Something like that...
Something like: “Pyoon”
Does it like like a cat, like this?
And also, Meowth is standing
*laughs*
Is it like this...?
And last, "Gloom"...
That's an insult, right?
(Japanese name: Stinking flower)
Like this? Finally...
It sort of had this feeling...
Gloom's kinda sad
I’m Gloom...
Shuboboon, ton, ton
Yes! It's finished!
Cha, chaaan!
Yes! We're finished~!
I've definitely become a Pokémon master~!
There’s more at the end!
Translated by: Bararo, Mitsukitten, Angrybunny, sirrequiem, Vortex, Lacrymac, and Zerch
Of course, I’m...
From Pokemon Sapphire!
Yay, Pokemon!